[Outlook] (encryption) Create conceptual article (#5336)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/outlook/encryption-decryption.md

| Recipient views the decrypted message and its attachments, if any | Once the decryption operation is complete, a notification is automatically shown to the user to alert them that the add-in has finished processing the message. In your `OnMessageRead` handler, call the [event.completed](/javascript/api/outlook/office.mailboxevent?view=outlook-js-preview&preserve-view=true#outlook-office-mailboxevent-completed-member(1)) method and pass it a [MessageDecryptEventCompletedOptions](/javascript/api/outlook/office.messagedecrypteventcompletedoptions?view=outlook-js-preview&preserve-view=true) object. With the `MessageDecryptEventCompletedOptions` object, you can specify whether to display the decrypted content to the recipient. For more information, see [Implement event handling](#implement-event-handling). |

## Implement decryption using event-based activation

> While you must implement your own encryption and decryption protocols, configure your add-in to handle the `OnMessageRead` event to conveniently determine when your add-in can decrypt a message and display the decrypted contents. To implement the `OnMessageRead` event, you must:

Reviewer: I'm not sure the "while" clause made sense to me here.
```suggestion
You must implement your own encryption and decryption protocols. The add-in must also be configured to handle the `OnMessageRead` event to conveniently determine when your add-in can decrypt a message and display the decrypted contents. To implement the `OnMessageRead` event, you must:
```
